I am sure that nothing within me is capable of composing that life-like sequence , so complete in detail , from the hodge-podge of news pictures I have seen .
Skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence .
Chauncey Depew , one-time runner-up for the Republican Presidential nomination , was attending a convention at Saratoga , where he was scheduled to nominate Colonel Theodore Roosevelt for Governor of New York when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met .
Undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on American military history , or the deeds of valor that have been done in its name .
The truth is , however , that when Mel Chandler first reported to the regiment the only steed he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever wielded was a pencil .
The next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of Troop H , 7th Cavalry , in the middle of corps maneuvers in Japan .
There was no weapon Early could not take apart and reassemble blind-folded .
In the middle of the party Chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him , each beaming above the biggest , greenest shamrock he had ever seen .
Chandler left Carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any reinforcements he could find to the fight .
The first thing he knew the words `` Garryowen '' ! ! Burst from his throat .
One of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , I suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with Eisenhower conservatism .
And let me add Murray 's new book as another symptom of it , particularly so in view of the attention Time magazine gave it when it came out recently .
Let 's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come .
Only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men : The more highly placed they are -- that is , the more they know -- the more concerned they have become .
Have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more sedentary lives we are now living ? ?
First , let us realize that whatever good this set-up achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se can not take economic leadership .
`` That is the answer the ungodly will always make when the Church points its fingers at their sins .
He is throttling the liberty my father gave his life to win '' ! !
It required an energy he no longer possessed to be satirical about his father .
After a pause , during which he studied Scotty 's face as if Scotty were not there and could not study him too , Mr. McKinley would ask the same questions he had asked downstairs .
He looked at the lined face with vague interest ; ; he felt he was noting it , as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger .
And another time , without accusation : `` You never wore that scarf I bought you '' .
Try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone .
`` You think Black 's the one we 're looking for '' ? ?
I 'm telling you , if these corpses ever knew the trouble they put us to , they 'd think twice before letting themselves get knocked off '' .
`` Remember to tell that to the next corpse you meet '' .
She was all he had , everything he had , everything he wanted .
Mike remained in trance ; ; there was much to grok , loose ends to puzzle over and fit into his growing -- all that he had seen and heard and been at the Archangel Foster Tabernacle -LRB- not just cusp when he and Digby had come face to face alone -RRB- why Bishop Senator Boone made him warily uneasy , how Miss Dawn Ardent tasted like a water brother when she was not , the smell of goodness he had incompletely grokked in the jumping up and down and wailing -- Jubal 's conversations coming and going -- Jubal 's words troubled him most ; ; he studied them , compared them with what he had been taught as a nestling , struggling to bridge between languages , the one he thought with and the one he was learning to think in .
The word `` church '' which turned up over and over again among Jubal 's words gave him knotty difficulty ; ; there was no Martian concept to match it -- unless one took `` church '' and `` worship '' and `` God '' and `` congregation '' and many other words and equated them to the totality of the only world he had known during growing-waiting then forced the concept back into English in that phrase which had been rejected -LRB- by each differently -RRB- by Jubal , by Mahmoud , by Digby .
He was closer to understanding it in English now , although it could never have the inevitability of the Martian concept it stood for .
They run their show their way -- the Universe has variety , something for everybody -- a fact you field workers often miss '' .
We have learned much about interstellar drives since a hundred years ago ; ; that is all I can tell you about them .
`` Do n't start anything you ca n't finish '' .
It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up .
Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick Al Budd had thought up was dispelled .
`` Mr. Morgan , it 's the best-looking food I ever saw '' .
`` That 's all I 'm sure of '' .
`` That 's all I ask '' ! !
It may have been true for all I know , because his glasses were like the bottoms of milk bottles , but it did n't prevent the paintings from being exciting .
It was n't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse I often used , even to myself .
It was the kind of work I was doing , the quality of the ambition it awoke in me , that kept me from painting .
Life had included him in its `` Modern American Artists '' series and had photographed him at his studio in the East Sixties ; ; the corner of it you could see in the photograph looked as though it ought to have Velasquez in it painting the royalty of Spain .
Since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that I am taunting you as socially inferior .
My object , rather , is to alert you to an aspect or two of the affair that could have the gravest implications for you , far beyond the legal sanctions society might inflict .
The U.S. , claiming some success in its trade diplomacy , removed South Korea , Taiwan and Saudi Arabia from a list of countries it is closely watching for allegedly failing to honor U.S. patents , copyrights and other intellectual-property rights .
`` At the prices we were charged , there should have been some return for the dollar .
The reason : Share prices of many of these funds this year have climbed much more sharply than the foreign stocks they hold .
For people who insist on jumping in now to buy the funds , Newgate 's Mr. Foot says : `` The only advice I have for these folks is that those who come to the party late had better be ready to leave quickly .
It is in my estimation the best wine Stag 's Leap has produced , and with fewer than 700 cases available , it is sure to sell quickly .
Offering the wine at roughly $ 65 a bottle wholesale -LRB- $ 100 retail -RRB- , he sent merchants around the country a form asking them to check one of three answers : 1 -RRB- no , the wine is too high -LRB- 2 responses -RRB- ; 2 -RRB- yes , it 's high but I 'll take it -LRB- 2 responses -RRB- ; 3 -RRB- I 'll take all I can get -LRB- 58 responses -RRB- .
For the fifth consecutive month , purchasing managers said prices for the goods they purchased fell .
He has a point he wants to make , and he makes it , with a great deal of force .
And , says Mr. Dinkins , he did n't know the man his campaign paid for a get-out-the-vote effort had been convicted of kidnapping .
That commercial -- which said Mr. Coleman wanted to take away the right of abortion `` even in cases of rape and incest , '' a charge Mr. Coleman denies -- changed the dynamics of the campaign , transforming it , at least in part , into a referendum on abortion .
So the next time Mr. Wilder talks about the rights of women , ask him about this law he tried to pass . ''
The 1987 statute Mrs. Yeargin violated was designed to enforce provisions of South Carolina 's school-improvement laws .
The rest were history , sociology , finance -- subjects they never had . ''
Mr. Leming was n't surprised by the lower price cited by NL , saying he believes that $ 55 a share is `` the most you can pay for Georgia Gulf before it becomes a bad acquisition . ''
J. Landis Martin , NL president and chief executive officer , said NL and Mr. Simmons cut the price they were proposing for Georgia Gulf because they initially planned a transaction that included about $ 250 million in equity and a substantial amount of high-yield subordinated debt .
These days , students can often find the answer in test-coaching workbooks and worksheets their teachers give them in the weeks prior to taking standardized achievement tests .
`` We feel very strongly that we really need action across the full range of issues we 've identified , and we need it by next spring , '' Mr. Dallara says .
After the first set of meetings two months ago , some U.S. officials complained that Japan had n't come up with specific changes it was prepared to make .
By Monday , they hope to have a sheaf of documents both sides can trust .
In some cases , the IRS asked for information dating back to forms it received in 1985 .
A high-balance customer that banks pine for , she did n't give much thought to the rates she was receiving , nor to the fees she was paying .
All she had to do was put $ 15,000 in a certificate of deposit , or qualify for a $ 10,000 personal line of credit .
For nearly a decade , banks have competed for customers primarily with the interest rates they pay on their deposits and charge on their loans .
The more accounts customers have , Mr. Sullivan says , the more likely they are to be attracted to a package -- and to be loyal to the bank that offers it .
Think about the good you can do for just $ 15,000 a month , about the cost of a mid-size Chevrolet or two semesters at a state university .
Every $ 15,000 you send will go a long way to boost sagging net worth and employee morale -- and keep your Foster Savings Institution off the federal budget deficit !
Change-ringing , a mind-boggling exercise the English invented 380 years ago , requires physical dexterity -- some bells weigh more than a ton -- combined with intense mental concentration .
The new ad plan from Newsweek , a unit of the Washington Post Co. , is the second incentive plan the magazine has offered advertisers in three years .
Meanwhile , business and government leaders rebuked the computer makers , and fretted about the broader statement the companies ' actions make about Japanese cutthroat pricing .
Documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc. will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financing it is providing the new firm if Mr. Cray leaves or if the product-design project he heads is scrapped .
While many of the risks were anticipated when Minneapolis-based Cray Research first announced the spinoff in May , the strings it attached to the financing had n't been made public until yesterday .
In other years in which there have been moderate economic slowdowns -- the environment the firm expects in 1990 -- the change in dividends ranged from a gain of 4 % to a decline of 1 % , according to PaineWebber analyst Thomas Doerflinger .
One indicator investors might want to watch is the monthly tally from Standard & Poor 's of the number of public companies adjusting their dividends .
As a result , he said NBI will focus on servicing its installed base of systems , trying to provide maintenance for other manufacturers and expanding its software business , using some of the applications it developed for its hardware .
Index-arbitrage trading is `` something we want to watch closely , '' an official at London 's Stock Exchange said .
But `` because it 's all we 've got , I 'm going to vote for it . ''
