Occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call `` buckshot '' .
There was the revolution in Tibet which we pretended did not exist .
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' .
Giffen extracted one concession from William : the house servants could be free at any time Gorham thought expedient .
But it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture -LRB- which Mrs. Kennedy feels is the proper period for the White House -RRB- must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms .
He then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine .
Today it espouses certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat breathtaking .
She told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders , but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner .
The route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected .
American democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the Protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the American Democratic Faith .
Some fourteen or fifteen years ago , in an essay I called The Leader Follows -- Where ? ? I used his polarity to illustrate what I thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call Progressivism .
At the heart of all of this was the square , which one such traveler declared to be `` as spacious , as pleasant and aromatick a Market as any in the Universe '' .
The one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called `` historical monuments '' .
Since it is not far from Viareggio , he will visit Puccini 's house , as he never fails to do , to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of La Boheme , which he considers one of Puccini 's masterpieces .
As the New South snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the North -- a tendency which Willard Thorp terms `` Yankeefication '' , as evidenced in such cities as Charlotte , Birmingham , and Houston .
He has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers unjust , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws .
These institutions which Mr. Lyford names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ?
They differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : That individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves .
Accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation -LRB- which I shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation -RRB- and a new theory of invention -LRB- which I shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter -RRB- .
Poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country .
Human nature was not a piece of meat you could tell was bad by its smell .
The clock you heard strike -- it 's really the town clock -- was installed last April by Mrs. Shorter , on her birthday '' .
But he did not notice , and was already backing the car down to the road , saying `` Toot-toot '' ! ! To the stump of a tree as he passed it , the same stump which had impaled the car of many a guest in the past thirty years and which he refused to have removed .
`` That was the fille de chambre , the one you thought could n't get the eggs out .
The air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant .
She was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` American Girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to Halloween .
In December I wrote her with authority that we would meet on the steps of the Hotel Astor , a rendezvous spot that I had learned was the most sophisticated .
By the time Felix turned up it was early afternoon , which , one would think , would be late enough so that by then , except for small children and a few hardy souls who had not yet sobered up , it could have been expected that people would no longer be having any sort of active interest in the previous night 's noisemakers and paper hats .
Colored fellow named Tim Williams -- only hand she has working for her now .
Marty knew how the Union soldiers must have felt at Chancellorsville and Antietam and Gettysburg when the ragged gray ranks charged at them , screaming the wild banshee howl they called the Rebel yell .
But of course the paterollers wo n't be of any help , not with everything so upset and that Yankee cavalry outfit they say is running around , God knows where '' .
Jury , judge and executioner were riding the range in the form of a single unknown figure that could materialize anywhere , at any time , to dispense an ancient brand of justice the men of the new West had believed long outdated .
-- Old Knife 's not the only chief he 'll get to do his dirty work ! !
Next to him was a young boy I was sure had sat near me at one of the trading sessions .
The girl took a couple of steps toward the man in shorts when Benson , in that barefoot courtliness Ramey could never decide was real , said , `` You do n't want to go around there , Ma'am '' .
Finally , as time began to run out , he headed into Ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that Intelligence had thought might contain Japanese supplies .
The rest of the time I devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting .
This Woman had no distinct shape or size and no particular face , but she radiated warmth , a sweet warmth ; ; she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately .
The slaves ran gaily to the center of Congo Square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called Johnny No-Name .
It is absurd of course to say that that one exclamation estranged me from the family I considered my very own , but there it hangs , a cooling void that broke our close connection with each other .
Is it for me to be forbidden the flesh you made grow on me ? ?
The sound rose on the other side of the hills , vanished and rose again and he could imagine the mad , disheveled hoofs of the Appaloosas , horses the white men once had called the Dogs of Hell .
Back at the Factory-to-You with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down .
He suddenly realized when he walked into his own pretty darned expensive house that he needed the Martini Anne had waiting for him .
But it was fun those first days , kidding about the trail of garments he left littered across the rug .
More than once I was confronted by professional gamblers , `` bookies '' , loan `` sharks '' , gangsters , `` thugs '' and `` finger men '' -- people of a class I did not even know existed -- to repay my husband 's staggering losses , `` or else ''
He went down to Mills and Bradley 's Hardware Store and bought a full set of carpenter 's tools , including a rotary power saw and several other pieces of power machinery that Mr. Mills said were essential for babbiting and doweling , whatever they were .
`` I was just sayin ' to him that I 'm all ready now for anything else you want done '' .
In one feature , called `` In the Dumpster , '' editors point out a product they deem to be a particularly bad offender .
The magazine 's editors ran a giant diagram of the product with arrows pointing to the packaging 's polystyrene foam , polyproplene and polyester film -- all plastic items they say are non-biodegradable .
Interpublic is providing the programming in return for advertising time , which it said will be valued at more than $ 75 million in 1990 and $ 150 million in 1991 .
As individual investors have turned away from the stock market over the years , securities firms have scrambled to find new products that brokers find easy to sell .
In Robert Whiting 's `` You Gotta Have Wa '' -LRB- Macmillan , 339 pages , $ 17.95 -RRB- , the Beatles give way to baseball , in the Nipponese version we would be hard put to call a `` game . ''
The issue will be swapped into fixed-rate U.S. dollars at a rate the company said is less than 9 % ; a spokesman declined to elaborate .
At night he returns to the condemned building he calls home .
Democratic Lt. Gov. Douglas Wilder opened his gubernatorial battle with Republican Marshall Coleman with an abortion commercial produced by Frank Greer that analysts of every political persuasion agree was a tour de force .
He described the situation as `` an escrow problem , a timing issue , '' which he said was rapidly rectified , with no losses to customers .
But Rep. Hammerschmidt said that the provision , which he dubbed a `` special interest '' amendment , was likely to make the bill even more controversial .
The ABA gives a `` qualified '' rating to nominees it believes would perform `` satisfactorily '' on the bench .
In that case , he might receive an opinion from the court that is a vindication of the president 's right to perform the duties and exercise the prerogatives the framers thought should be entrusted to the executive .
Short of a total ban , some anti-programmers have proposed several middle-ground reforms , which they say would take away certain advantages program traders currently enjoy in the marketplace that other investors do n't .
Reuters Holdings PLC said Michael Reupke resigned as general manager to pursue unspecified interests , a move the news organization termed an `` amicable separation . ''
DD Acquisition has launched a suit in a Delaware court seeking the withdrawal of Dunkin 's poison pill rights and employee stock ownership plans , which it claims were put in place to deter bidders .
Due to continuingly high gold prices tied to uncertainty about the U.S. currency , investor interest was directed toward oil and mining shares , which traders called a `` defensive '' action frequently taken when the dollar is expected to fall or during times of inflation .
A spokesman for Laidlaw declined to disclose the price the Toronto transportation and waste services concern paid for the additional shares , which he said were acquired `` over the last couple of weeks . ''
Currently , the transportation secretary does n't have clearly established authority to block mergers , but can take the drastic step of revoking the operating certificate of any carrier the official considers unfit .
Notably absent from the Columbia index is the stock market , which Mr. Moore says `` is simply no longer such a good indicator of the economy 's long-range prospects , though it still is useful for anticipating some short-run twists and turns . ''
Telephone service has been improved for customers trying to reach their brokers , and specialists -- who I believe should stay , despite the urgings of some post-crash critics -- have larger capital positions .
If passed by the voters , the recently announced initiative would phase out major pesticides , reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 40 % , ban new offshore drilling , ban chemicals thought to deplete the ozone layer , and create a new state environmental officer armed with a $ 40 million budget to sue any firm or agency he thinks is being too dirty .
Program trades make up 10 % of the exchange 's volume on an average day , but despite the increase Friday , it was `` certainly not something you would say precipitated the market decline , '' Mr. Phelan said .
GEC plans first to study Ferranti 's financial accounts , which auditors recently said included # 215 million in fictitious contracts at a U.S. unit , International Signal & Control Group , with which Ferranti merged last year .
The council 's action is yet another blow to a sport that its fans claim has been maligned unjustly for years .
`` The terms of that agreement only become effective the date of Gulf 's reorganization , which we anticipate will occur sometime in early 1990 , '' said Lawrence R. Mehl , Gulf 's general counsel .
And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its `` Larry King Live '' and `` Crossfire '' talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of `` hostile and anti-party elements '' and wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters .
IBM is expected to respond to Tandem 's Cyclone by discounting its own mainframes , which analysts say are roughly three times the price of a comparable system from Tandem .
Rather , it is born of frustration with having to combat constantly changing strains of a statist idea that one thought had been eliminated in the early 1970s , along with smallpox .
The administration 's position was outlined in a friend-of-the-court brief filed in one of three abortion cases the Supreme Court will hear argued and will decide this term .
De Beers said that workers at five of the group 's mines were on strike , which it said was peaceful , with orderly picketing occurring at one of the mines .
He also insists that Sony , no less than others , has a legal right to protect its `` trade dress , '' in this case , mostly the colors that it claims make My First Sony products distinctive .
